Install guide update for 2022.2 (#12222)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/install_guides/installing-openvino-overview.md

For C++ developers, you may choose one of the following installation options for OpenVINO Runtime on your specific operating system:

> * Linux: You can install OpenVINO Runtime using a [Docker](installing-openvino-docker-linux.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Linux: You can install OpenVINO Runtime using archive files or Docker. See [Install OpenVINO on Linux](installing-openvino-linux-header.md).
```
Let's apply the same approach for the other two OSes for now.

Author: Windows & macOS done in https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/pull/12222/commits/68b30eedc62a3d71865d19f5d119de9820b794ef
